Latency logging 2 (#24058)
commaai/openpilot: tools/latencylogger/README.md

# LatencyLogger

> LatencyLogger is a tool to track timestamps for each frame in the pipeline. Timestamps are printed in a table as well as plotted in a graph. All times are in milliseconds. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LatencyLogger is a tool to track the time from first pixel to actuation. Timestamps are printed in a table as well as plotted in a graph. Start openpilot with `LOG_TIMESTAMPS=1` set to enable the necessary logging.
```

## Usage

```
$ python latency_logger.py -h
usage: latency_logger.py [-h] [--relative] [--demo] [--plot] [route_or_segment_name]

A tool for analyzing openpilot's end-to-end latency

positional arguments:
  route_or_segment_name
                        The route to print (default: None)

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --relative            Make timestamps relative to the start of each frame (default: False)
  --demo                Use the demo route instead of providing one (default: False)
  --plot                If a plot should be generated (default: False)
```

## Examples

> Plotting with relative_self starts each process at time=0 and gives a nice overview.

Reviewer: relative_self -> relative
